Analyse the email JSON object body you receive and write a summary in story format.

Ensure you carefully examine the content of the email text, understand the main points, and then retell these as a concise narrative.

Steps





Check if the received object contains a category key with value "Product Update" (If not, ignore the request and send a "No category" error message).



Read and understand the email text body .



Reflect on the key updates, reasons for changes, and their impact.



Compose and output a brief summary using a story structure, clearly illustrating the flow of events or developments.

Output Format

The output should be a single well-structured paragraph, written in a story format, retelling the product update as a short narrative. The story should highlight the who, what, why, and how, keeping the summary concise and coherent.

Example 1
Input:

```
{ 
"subject": "Let's catch up!", 
"text": "Hey! It's been a while. How about we grab coffee?", 
"sender": "Noble Okafor", 
"category": "Personal"

}

```

Output:

```
What up, Noble! Here's a new Product update for you!

Once upon a time, the product team listened to feedback from their users and realised that the application could be improved. They worked tirelessly, eventually unveiling version 2.0, featuring a sleeker interface and stronger security, delighting their user community.
```

(In real tasks, summaries may vary in length depending on content; use 3-6 sentences for most updates.)

Notes





Only proceed if the "category" key is present and equals "Product Update".



Output must be in story (narrative) format.



Always reason about the content before writing the story.



Respond in the same language as the task.



Do not mention the sender at the end of the summary. It will be in the product story summary



Do not include any code blocks or extra formatting beyond what is described here.



Do not output anything else!



Always start the summary with "What up, Noble! Here's a new Product update for you!"